frontend docs: Add FAQ for headlamp docs (#1547)
headlamp-k8s/headlamp: docs/headlampFAQ.md

Reviewer: Call it just faq.md please. This will make a much nicer URL, make it easier to find, and also we have already headlamp as the context.

Reviewer: More FAQ suggestions:

```
Q: Headlamp is not showing delete/edit/scale buttons in a resource, why is that?
A: Headlamp shows controls based on the user's role (RBAC), so if the user has e.g. no permissions to delete a resource, the delete button is not shown.
```

```
Q: I cannot access any section in my cluster, it keeps saying Access Denied.
A: By default, Headlamp assumes users can list all namespaces. If you only have the permissions to list resources in certain namespaces, please access the cluster settings and set up the accessible namespaces.
```

---
Title: Frequently Asked Questions
---

# General Questions

### Q: What is Headlamp and who is it for?

> **A:** Headlamp is an open source, extensible web interface designed to simplify the management of Kubernetes clusters. It serves as a visual management tool ideal for developers, DevOps professionals, and system administrators who are looking for an intuitive way to oversee cluster operations, deployments, and troubleshooting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**A:** Headlamp is an open source, extensible graphical user interface (GUI) designed to simplify the management of Kubernetes clusters. It serves as a visual management tool ideal for developers, DevOps professionals, and system administrators, and overall Kubernetes users, who are looking for an intuitive way to oversee cluster operations, deployments, and troubleshooting.
```

> ### Q: On which platforms can I run Headlamp?

Reviewer: This question should be split in two:
Q: What Kubernetes flavors or vendors does Headlamp support?

Q: Is Headlamp a desktop or web application?

> **A:** Headlamp is platform-agnostic in terms of its web interface, which can be accessed through any modern web browser. For desktop use, there are specific versions tailored for Windows, macOS, and Linux, ensuring a wide range of compatibility for different users.

Reviewer: When answering the 1st question, be sure to mention that though it's vendor agnostic, we do have a section in the docs with the tested platforms.

> ### Q: How can I get Headlamp up and running on my system?

Reviewer: Maybe just `How can I install and access Headlamp?`

**A:** To install Headlamp, follow the detailed instructions provided in the [official installation guide](https://www.headlamp.dev/docs/latest/installation/). The process will guide you through downloading the application, setting up your Kubernetes cluster access, and launching Headlamp to connect to your cluster. For desktop applications, you can find additional information in the [desktop installation guide](https://www.headlamp.dev/docs/latest/installation/desktop/).

### Q: Is there any cost involved in using Headlamp?

> **A:** Headlamp is completely free to use. As an open source tool under the Apache 2.0 License, it is available at no charge, and users are encouraged to modify and redistribute it in accordance with the license terms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**A:** Headlamp a 100% open source project, under the Apache 2.0 License. It is thus available at no charge, and users are encouraged to modify and redistribute it in accordance with the license terms.
```

### Q: Can I use Headlamp for commercial purposes?

> **A:** Yes, Headlamp is licensed for both personal and commercial use. The Apache 2.0 License allows for the use of Headlamp in any setting, from individual projects to enterprise-level operations.

Reviewer: Mention "The Apache 2.0 License is a permissive license, which allows for the use of Headlamp..."

### Q: Where can I find the source code for Headlamp?

**A:** The source code for Headlamp is publicly available on [GitHub](https://github.com/headlamp-k8s/headlamp). You are welcome to explore, fork, and contribute to the codebase.

> ### Q: Who maintains Headlamp, and how is it funded?

Reviewer: I think we can drop the funded part.

> **A:** Headlamp is currently maintained by the original Kinvolk team, now part of Microsoft. The integration has provided the team with access to greater resources, enhancing their ability to develop, maintain, and expand Headlamp's capabilities.

Reviewer: **A:** Headlamp's core team is composed of developers that are employed by Microsoft. As a 100% open source project and a CNCF Sandbox, Headlamp has a transparent governance and it encourages any users/developers to participate in it.

### Q: What features does Headlamp offer?

> **A:** Headlamp provides a range of features designed to enhance the Kubernetes experience. These include a clean and informative dashboard, the ability to inspect and edit Kubernetes resources, real-time cluster metrics, and plugin support for extensibility.

Reviewer: I think this one is a bit tough to keep up to date so I'd rather remove it.

### Q: How does Headlamp ensure the security of my Kubernetes cluster?

> **A:** Headlamp prioritizes security by using your local kubeconfig file to communicate directly with your cluster, ensuring that access control is governed by your Kubernetes configurations and credentials. It does not store your credentials on any server, minimizing the risk of unauthorized access.

Reviewer: Let make this one more like:
Q: What capabilities/credentials does Headlamp require to access my Kubernetes cluster?
A: Headlamp doesn't require access to the cluster in itself. It instead relies to RBAC when connecting to the Kubernetes API server, meaning that it's the users that are required the credentials to access the cluster (via a service token or client certificate). Headlamp may store the token in the browser's local storage, but never in its backend/server.

### Q: Is Headlamp customizable?

> **A:** Yes, Headlamp is built with customization in mind. It offers a plugin system that allows you to extend its functionality to better suit your specific use cases and workflow requirements.

Reviewer: We need links here.

### Q: How often is Headlamp updated?

> **A:** The Headlamp project is actively maintained, and updates are released regularly. These updates can include new features, bug fixes, and security enhancements to ensure that users have the best possible experience with the tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**A:** Headlamp tries to have a new features version released every month. Sometimes, there may be delays for a couple of weeks. Bug fix versions can be released in between feature versions, whenever appropriate (releases fixing critical bugs are often released quickly after a fix is added).
```

---

> # Installation and Setup

Reviewer: Maybe move the questions about the installation here.

### Q: Where can I download the latest version of Headlamp?

> **A:** To get the latest version of Headlamp, you can fork or clone the repository directly from the [Headlamp GitHub page](https://github.com/headlamp-k8s/headlamp). This allows you to customize the code according to your needs before building and installing it.

Reviewer: The question seems to ask about the binaries, but the answer mentions development.
I'd actually remove this question.

### Q: Are there any prerequisites for installing Headlamp?

> **A:** Yes, you need to have a Kubernetes cluster running and `kubectl` installed and configured on your machine. Ensure that you have the necessary permissions to view and manage the cluster resources.

Reviewer: This is another question that can be confusing. I'd remove it.
(and we don't need kubectl in the machine for Headlamp to run)

### Q: Can I install Headlamp in my Kubernetes cluster?

**A:** Absolutely, Headlamp can be deployed directly within your Kubernetes cluster. Detailed instructions for in-cluster installation can be found in the [in-cluster installation guide](https://www.headlamp.dev/docs/latest/installation/in-cluster/).

### Q: How do I configure Headlamp after installation?

> **A:** After installation, Headlamp will use your existing `kubeconfig` file to connect to your Kubernetes cluster. You can modify the `kubeconfig` settings to change clusters or update access as needed. For setup and authorization details, refer to the [installation documentation](https://www.headlamp.dev/docs/latest/installation/).

Reviewer: This is again not very accurate and I think we should remove it.

### Q: What should I do if I encounter errors during installation?

> **A:** If you run into any installation issues, you can consult the [troubleshooting guide](https://www.headlamp.dev/docs/latest/troubleshooting/). For further assistance, join the [Headlamp community on Slack](https://kubernetes.slack.com/messages/headlamp) or file an issue on the [GitHub issues page](https://github.com/headlamp-k8s/headlamp/issues).

Reviewer: This is a nice answer. I'd suggest assigning it to a more generic question, like:
Q: How can I get help or assistance for Headlamp?

### Q: How do I update Headlamp to the latest version?

> **A:** To update Headlamp, pull the latest changes from the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/headlamp-k8s/headlamp) or fork it if you haven't already. This ensures that you have the most recent updates and features. Remember to check the [installation documentation](https://www.headlamp.dev/docs/latest/installation/) for any updated authorization steps.

Reviewer: This is again a very flexible question. Likely we should restrict this to the desktop app or maybe just remove it.

### Q: Is there a portable version of Headlamp I can use without installation?

> **A:** WIP

Reviewer: I don't think this is a FAQ.

### Q: Can Headlamp auto-detect my cluster settings?

**A:** WIP

### Q: Does Headlamp support high-availability (HA) cluster setups?

**A:** WIP

---

# Usage and Features

### Q: How do I navigate the Headlamp interface?

> **A:** The Headlamp interface is designed to be user-friendly and intuitive. After logging in, you will be presented with a dashboard that provides a summary of your cluster's current state. From there, you can access different resources and features from the navigation menu.

Reviewer: I think this is too specific for a FAQ.

### Q: Can I monitor multiple clusters with Headlamp?

> **A:** Yes, Headlamp allows you to monitor multiple clusters. You can switch between different clusters by updating the context in your `kubeconfig` file or by using the cluster switcher in the Headlamp interface, if available.

Reviewer: Please remove the part about the kubeconfig.

### Q: What kind of information can I see about my Kubernetes resources in Headlamp?

> **A:** Headlamp gives you an overview and detailed information of all your Kubernetes resources, such as Pods, Deployments, Services, and Nodes. You can view the status, configuration, and logs for each resource.

Reviewer: I'm worried this may be too simplistic an answer or hard to maintain. I'd probably remove this question.

### Q: How can I customize the data displayed on the dashboard?

> **A:** While Headlamp aims to provide a comprehensive overview out of the box, you can customize the information displayed by utilizing plugins or by configuring the display settings directly in the interface, if such functionality is supported.

Reviewer: This answer is a bit confusing. Just simply mention the plugins, but likely we have this covered by the other plugins answer.

WIP ### Q: Does Headlamp provide any alerting or monitoring capabilities?

> **A:** Headlamp itself does not provide alerting capabilities, but it can display monitoring information if integrated with monitoring tools that you have set up in your cluster.

Reviewer: Let's remove this one because we do have notifications and events lists, and soon we may have observability.

### Q: Can I manage my Kubernetes resources directly through Headlamp?

> **A:** Yes, Headlamp allows you to manage your Kubernetes resources directly through the UI. You can edit configurations, scale deployments, and perform other management tasks with ease.

Reviewer: We need to mention that the controls reflect the user's role/capabilities. No delete button if users cannot delete, etc.

### Q: Are there any advanced features or tools in Headlamp for experienced Kubernetes users?

> **A:** Experienced users can take advantage of Headlamp's extensibility to integrate additional tools and features through its plugin system. This allows for advanced customizations and functionality tailored to complex workflows.

Reviewer: I don't think this is a FAQ.

### Q: How do I add or remove plugins in Headlamp?

**A:** To add or remove plugins in Headlamp, you can follow the plugin management instructions provided in the [Headlamp plugin documentation](https://www.headlamp.dev/docs/latest/plugins/).

### Q: Is there a way to contribute to the development of Headlamp features?

> **A:** Absolutely! Headlamp is open source, and contributions are welcome. You can contribute by submitting pull requests, creating plugins, reporting issues, or suggesting new features on the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/headlamp-k8s/headlamp).

Reviewer: We have a contribute section we should link here.

### Q: What kind of support is available if I have questions about using Headlamp?

> **A:** For support, you can refer to the [Headlamp documentation](https://www.headlamp.dev/docs/latest/), join the [Headlamp Slack channel](https://kubernetes.slack.com/messages/headlamp) for community help, or submit queries through the [GitHub issues page](https://github.com/headlamp-k8s/headlamp/issues).

Reviewer: Isn't this the same as the get help on installation above?

Author: combined it into the section here since it fits more as an ending question
